README.md, before:

# Project title and team name

### Project Title: Scholarly

### Team: Docker Demons

# Your focus (frontend focused or backend focused)

Frontend focused.

# Team members with student numbers

- Vinesh Benny (1007077707)
- Leila Cheraghi Seifabad (1007465495)
- Maaz Hashmi (1006804718)

# Description of the web application

Scholarly is a tutoring application designed for school and university students. The application allows students to find course content and learn material, while also providing instructors with the ability to upload content. Additionally, the application provides students with a workspace for exercises and practice. Students can also schedule live chat (maybe video?) with instructors to get help with particular concepts with a paid subscription.

# What complexity points will this project contain

- Auth0 for third party user authorization. (1)
- SendGrid for email confirmations. (1)
- ThreeJS for landing page background. (2)
- Stripe for payment integration. (2)
- PushAPI for push notifications. (3)
- Univos data visulization for progress tracking with content (1)

# (optional) What complexity points will be attempted as bonus for the challenge factor

- mozilla/pdf.js for natively viewing PDFs on the webpage. (2)
- OpenAI possibly for search queries. (1)
- Twiio for SMS communication for 2FA. (1)

# What you aim to complete for the alpha version, beta version, and final version

## Alpha Version

- User authentication and authorization.
- Content management system for instructors.
- Search and filtering of course content.
- Workspace for students to view and work through content.

## Beta Version

- Polishing the UI, fixing bugs from alpha version.
- Integration with third-party APIs for content and resources.
- Real-time chat feature for communication between students and instructors.
- Integration with payment processing for premium content.

## Final Version

- Fixing bugs from previous versions.
- Securing our API, focus on vulnerabilities. Add 2FA for sign up pssibly.
- Switch from real-time chat implementation to a video chat using a third party API.
- Deploy the application.

Commit message:

fixed complexity pts; added description to focus

README.md, after:

# Project title and team name

### Project Title: Scholarly

### Team: Docker Demons

# Your focus (frontend focused or backend focused)

Frontend focused since we would want to focus more on the user experience and how the content is presented to accomplish a more engaging expeirence for new learners.

# Team members with student numbers

- Vinesh Benny (1007077707)
- Leila Cheraghi Seifabad (1007465495)
- Maaz Hashmi (1006804718)

# Description of the web application

Scholarly is a tutoring application designed for school and university students. The application allows students to find course content and learn material, while also providing instructors with the ability to upload content. Additionally, the application provides students with a workspace for exercises and practice. Students can also schedule live chat (maybe video?) with instructors to get help with particular concepts with a paid subscription.

# What complexity points will this project contain

- Auth0 for third party user authorization. (1)
- SendGrid for email confirmations. (1)
- ThreeJS for landing page background. (2)
- Stripe for payment integration. (2)
- Twiio for SMS communication for 2FA. (1)
- PeerJS for possible video chat integration. (1)
- Univos data visulization for progress tracking with content (1)

# (optional) What complexity points will be attempted as bonus for the challenge factor

- mozilla/pdf.js for natively viewing PDFs on the webpage. (2)
- OpenAI possibly for search queries. (1)
- PushAPI for push notifications. (3)

# What you aim to complete for the alpha version, beta version, and final version

## Alpha Version

- User authentication and authorization.
- Content management system for instructors.
- Search and filtering of course content.
- Workspace for students to view and work through content.

## Beta Version

- Polishing the UI, fixing bugs from alpha version.
- Integration with third-party APIs for content and resources.
- Real-time chat feature for communication between students and instructors.
- Integration with payment processing for premium content.

## Final Version

- Fixing bugs from previous versions.
- Securing our API, focus on vulnerabilities. Add 2FA for sign up pssibly.
- Switch from real-time chat implementation to a video chat using a third party API.
- Deploy the application.
